Improve jlpm migration guide (#14362)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/extension/extension_migration.rst

jlpm
^^^^

> The utility ``jlpm`` is using yarn 3 (it was yarn 1 previously). This will require to update your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The utility ``jlpm`` uses Yarn 3 (previously Yarn 1). This will require updating your
```

package configuration.

- Create a file ``.yarnrc.yml`` containing:

.. code-block:: yaml

   enableImmutableInstalls: false
   nodeLinker: node-modules

- Add to ``.gitignore``

.. code-block::

   .yarn/

- Run ``jlpm install``
  This will reset your ``yarn.lock`` content as its format changed.

.. note::

>    You can find more information on upgrading yarn from version 1 to version 3 in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can find more information on upgrading Yarn from version 1 to version 3 in
```

   [Yarn documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/migration).

If you are hit by multiple versions of the same packages (like ``@lumino/widgets``),

> TypeScript may complain that the types are not matching. One of the possible solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript may complain that the types are not matching. One possible solution
```
